hello YouTube and this is I want a
review okay so
these sanguine amazing spider-man
spider-man in the black suit
okay so there's the box okay we came
closer to the boss so there's the figure
it has included cards and the weapon is
where the hospital where they visit in
the instruction the side kills on the
barracks all of the message vitamin sets
Cadiz on the top
okay visitor features sorry
so this that is for the bottom of it I'm
sorry guys the same one a little bit
this bozo is iced Alberto and sorry
this will show you guys all option one
is reset so the additional book you know
the cut is this is the part
four decks for the skirt and now do we
plan his own this is depends where the
work okay so that is for the be fun
okay now the figure so this is the
figure so this is the spider-man black
suit shave this is on the flan this on
the side this on the other side okay
this is on the best I'm sorry he so
deaths for spider-man in the black suit
okay thank you for watching my videos
and then forget them and don't forget to
subscribe
I want every new channel okay thank you
see you guys in another video